# Meeting Minutes

## Meeting Information

**Meeting Date/Time:** 04/26/24, 6:30 - 7:10
**Meeting Purpose:** Retrospective on Warmup Exercise
**Meeting Location:** Zoom  
**Note Taker:** Ekin Celik  

## Attendees

**Attended**:

- Ekin
- Manu
- Pranav
- Angel
- Viann
- Angelo
- Suhaib

**Missing (who filled in notes later)**:

- Jason
- Luis
- Santiago

## Agenda Items

- **Retrospective on Warmup**
  - Discuss technical and non technical items that went bad (and ones that went good that people would like to share)
  - Find action items on how we can change in the future
  - Revise plan for major project based on our results

## Discussion Items

- How we felt about the entire process?
    - Angelo
        - Good idea to break out into smaller subteams
        - Experience delegating roles
        - Coordinating together
    - Manu	
        - Overall a good learning experience, but we should’ve taken advantage of more salient features
    - Ekin
        - Better communication between subteam members and we needed a meeting for each subteam
    - Suhaib
        - Similar to Ekin
        - Communication gaps
        - Needed more planning
    - Viann
        - Needed more meetings between subteams members
        - Was confused about roles and responsibilities
    - Angel
        - Too much independent, merging was hectic with lots of conflicts
        - More communication which branch is more updated (and who is doing what)
    - Pranav
        - Hard to keep track of everything else with time zone gap
        - Better communication
        - Redundant Code
    - Everyone
        - More hands on experience with web dev
        - Good learning
        - Good timing
        - Communication is the biggest issue
- Technical/Specific Items that need improvement
    - Angelo
        - Very hard to work in parallel
        - Transparent about progress
        - Keeping everyone updated on what’s going on
    - Manu
        - Our technical design ended up on well
        - Will do a better job on communication and encouraging people to come up with their ideas
        - If you are confused about requirements, feel free to speak up
        - Helpful to do a lot more planning, take advantage of more technical resources such as GitHub issues just because it’s good to learn
        - Branches based off of features rather than the names
        - Merge more often
    - Ekin
        - We could have used javascript Date, it would have been a lot simpler
    - Suhaib
        - Too vague with the project requirements
        - What do we expect from each other, what should each module do
        - Need a much more detailed planning document regarding the technicalities between module communication
    - Viann
        - Happy about final product
        - Branching was hectic
    - Angel
        - Merge more often 
    - Pranav
        - Happy with final product, there could have been more features that we could have added
        - Some issues may go away once we have more complex projects since it’s easier to split up work

## Action Items

- Action Items
    - [ ] Don’t split up between css/html/js
    - [ ] We definitely need to have more meetings before hand and more planning for individual subtasks
    - [ ] Take more advantage of tools and platforms such as GitHub issues, miro, etc
    - [ ] We definitely need back-and-forth once we start development based on what would become more well designed
    - [ ] Make technical planning much more specific rather than vague
    - [ ] Git: keep the subteams as branches, but instead of names do short-lived feature branches
    - [ ] Also try to merge often, be explicit with others about your branch and what potential conflicts could arise, then pull from the main branch often as well to be up to date
- Going Forward
    - Timing was pretty good, we can achieve this by having mini deadlines and making sure everyone sticks to them
    - Tentatively: split into distinct subteams and have each subteam take on a concrete task, and each member in a subteam take on a specific feature
    - Keep in mind that we need to have good integration
    - Need back and forth between subteams (e.g. using Date in areas where it makes more sense)
    - Overall
    - We definitely need more communication
    - Subteam only meetings

## Other Notes & Information

N/A
